2024 documentation update on GPU wording (#2508)
oneapi-src/oneDAL: docs/source/onedal/introduction.rst

Introduction
************

> oneDAL provides redesigned versions of interfaces that account for multi-device targets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
oneDAL provides redesigned versions of interfaces that account for the multi-device targets.
```

> oneDAL provides redesizgned version of interfaces that accounts for multi-device targets

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
oneDAL provides redesigned versions of interfaces that account for multi-device targets
```

> oneDAL provides redesigned versions of interfaces that account for the multi-device targets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
oneDAL provides redesigned versions of interfaces that account for multi-device targets.
```

> such as CPU and GPU, distributed SPMD interfaces and many more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, CPU and GPU, distributed SPMD interfaces, and many more.
```

> Algorithms support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Algorithms Support
```

> *****************

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
******************
```
From docbuild warning

> For the following algorithms are avaialbe in oneDAL:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following algorithms are available in oneDAL:
```

.. tabularcolumns::  |\Y{0.5}|\Y{0.5}|

.. list-table:: Computation Modes
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 10 10
   :align: left

   * - Algorithm
     - Supported
   * - :ref:`alg_kmeans`
     - :ref:`batch <batch>`, :ref:`distributed <distributed>`
   * - :ref:`alg_covariance`
     - :ref:`batch <batch>`, :ref:`online <online>`, :ref:`distributed <distributed>`
   * - :ref:`alg_pca`
     - :ref:`batch <batch>`, :ref:`distributed <distributed>`
   * - :ref: Logistic Regression
     - :ref:`batch <batch>`
   * - :ref: Linear Regression
     - :ref:`batch <batch>`, :ref:`distributed <distributed>`
   * - :ref:`_alg_df`
     - :ref:`batch <batch>`, :ref:`distributed <distributed>`
   * - :ref: Extra Trees 
     - :ref:`batch <batch>`
   * - :ref:`_alg_knn`
     - :ref:`batch <batch>`, :ref:`distributed <distributed>`
   * - :ref:`_alg_svm`
     - :ref:`batch <batch>`
   * - :ref:`_alg_dbscan`
     - :ref:`batch <batch>`, :ref:`distributed <distributed>`
   * - :ref:`_alg_basic_statistics`
     - :ref:`batch <batch>`, :ref:`distributed <distributed>`

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

>    gpu_support.rst

Reviewer: which file is that? could not find it
